Hello, I am Clare, Savings
and Investments Director
at Smart Investor.
I am going to talk to you
about ISA flexibility.
Please be aware though, we can not offer
personal advice so if
you do not feel confident
about making an investment
decision on your own,
do seek independent financial advice.
ISAs have been made more flexible
for savers and investors
over recent years.
For example, you can now
withdraw money from an ISA
and return it in the same tax year,
without this counting towards
that year's ISA allowance,
which is currently £20,000.
Let's say, for example,
you had already put £15,000
of your £20,000
allowance into an ISA,
but take £5,000 out.
You could pay that back
in plus the £5,000
you have not already used
before the end of the tax year.
At Barclays we offer a flexible ISA,
but not all providers
do, and some may only
apply it to specific products
so it is worth checking
before you open an account if you think
it is a feature you might make use of.
We have got lots more videos
about ISAs and investing
on our website, so take
a look and find out
more about how the rules work.